In this video we will set up our configuration and we will organize our data be Celine outport number
and finding the secret key.
So just go ahead and do that.
So let's go back to our studio.
And you want to create a new file and give it a name.
Coffee.
Yes.
So.
And write the code right now.
Riesling or number
see this.
So we want to go back to and lap and you want to copy this entire thing.
Go back to your studio and you want a piece here and let's make it bigger and Duleep this
will be in this tree and a port number would be to be saved this module to export is a mean exporting
this entire file.
So out of file can use it.
So it is give it a try.
So as good servant a jackass.
And right here is filled with water.
So is how we actually acquire or import a local file.
So since Coffey's under Server you know server folder.
So we just do dot slash fake.
So let's see if it's in under module then you want to do is Conficker
So now you know we want to change this to come up.
OK.
And you want to move this as a Perfect.
So right now we haven't seen this Folliard source Guto terminal.
And I know that this now Mangi happened some 20 30 years ago.
And she says to key or sieved is still going to be the same as happened or awesome to the Toti.
So we managed to export the port number and you know we mentioned export days and type thing.
So the next thing we want to do is we want to set up the database since we're already importante mongooses
dependency.
Now we can let our express application communicate directly to use Mangieri database.
So it is good to serve it.
Yes.
And right below here we're top in the mongooses can nag.
And then again since we already put it in context you asked the link so we can.
So we can just go back here and type in config database and you want to type in about is better
to be part of this and was good to our turn and boom connected to database mongers that connect is a
function to communicate directly to Moli database.
In case we are communicating with the cloud to be data base and then we pass a callback function or
we call it aero function.
And then if there's an error you want to log the error else else you want to show connect it to the
database.
If you are at this stage meaning we are success we are already successfully connected to that database.
In this video we learn on how to organize our database swing part number secret key.
And finally we managed to you know connect our no gas to the amount of utilities in the next section.
Adam Peterson We will walk you guys to the Anglo part.
He will set up dangler and so on.
He's an awesome instructor and you guys will often.
I'll see you in next section later on by.